He was asked to account for his presence at the scene of crime. 1. complain 2. exchange 3. explain 4. arrange The teacher gave some suggestions on what could come out for the examination. 1. effects 2. symptoms 3. hints 4. demonstrations I’ll take the new job whose salary is fantastic. 1. reasonable ‘ 2. acceptable 3. pretty high 4. wonderful I could see the finish line and thought I was home and dry. 1. hopeless 2. hopeful 3. successful 4. unsuccessful Carpets from countries such as Persia and Afghanistan often fetch high prices in the United States. 1. Artifacts 2. Pottery 3. Rugs 4. Textiles Though many scientific breakthroughs have resulted from mishaps it has taken brilliant thinkers to recognize their potential. 1. accidents 2. misunderstandings 3. incidentals 4. misfortunes Because Jack defaulted on his loan, the bank took him to court. 1. failed to pay 2. paid in full 3. had a bad personality 4. was paid much money His career in the illicit drug trade ended with the police raid this morning. 1. elicited 2. irregular 3. secret 4. legal I clearly remember talking to him in a chance meeting last summer. 1. unplanned 2. deliberate 3. accidental 4. unintentional The International Organizations are going to be in a temporary way in the country. 1. soak 2. permanent 3. complicated 4. guess The US troops are using much more sophisticated weapons in the Far East. 1. expensive 2. complicated 3. simple and easy to use 4. difficult to operate In remote communities, it’s important to replenish stocks before the winter sets in. 1. remake 2. empty 3. refill 4. repeat I 3 account for = explain : giải thích cho II 3 suggestions = hints : gợi ý, đề xuất III 4 fantastic = wonderful : tuyệt vời IV 3 home and dry = have been successful : thành công V 3 Carpets = Rugs : thảm VI 1 mishaps = accidents : rủi ro VII 2 : vỡ nợ, phá sản → trái nghĩa với ) VIII 4 : bất hợp pháp → trái nghĩa với câu IX 2 : bất ngờ, vô tình → trái nghĩa với X 2 = tạm thời → trái nghĩa với XI 3 : tinh vi, phức tạp → trái nghĩa với XII 2 : làm đầy → trái nghĩa với